I'm going to kill you
Great Protector, as an elder
Is it inappropriate to take action against a junior?
Go away and face um
Li Yang, run!
You can't run, little beast
Is the wave pool
Ah!
Don't want to stay
It's the master, the master
The master is here
The sect master actually came forward for this guy
Holy Venerable, this kid killed my disciple
He also spoke wildly and insulted the Holy Land
Isn't it a sin in the first place?
The sword on the ring has no eyes
Since you lose, you have to admit it
But please let Li Yang enter the main hall
Yes
Father, that kid is open-mouthed
It is an insult to the Holy Land
Why did you keep him alive?
Although that kid is arrogant
But in his master's swordsmanship
It actually contains a trace of power that even I am afraid of
What power
You can make your father afraid
Place of heaven and earth
How is that possible?
Modification of a Qi training flag
How can there be a place in heaven and earth?
If this is true
Then this kid
I'm afraid it can be for my Xuanyin Sect
Solve a 10,000-year return period